Update search.md (#6432)
opensearch-project/documentation-website: _api-reference/search.md

Field | Type | Description
:--- | :--- | :---

> aggs | Object | In the aggs property (you can use aggregations if you want), you can define any number of aggregations. Each aggregation is defined by its name and one of the types of aggregations that OpenSearch supports.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
aggs | Object | In the optional `aggs` parameter, you can define any number of aggregations. Each aggregation is defined by its name and one of the types of aggregations that OpenSearch supports. For more information, see [Aggregations]({{site.url}}{{site.baseurl}}/aggregations/).
```
